Add `current_configuration_version` to includable resources for workspaces (#1641)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/workspaces.html.md

The GET endpoints above can optionally return related resources, if requested with [the `include` query parameter](./index.html#inclusion-of-related-resources). The following resource types are available:

* `organization` - The full organization record.

> * `current_configuration_version` - The last configuration this workspace received, excluding plan-only configurations. If you start a run without providing a different configuration, it will use this one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `current_configuration_version` - The last configuration this workspace received, excluding plan-only configurations. Terraform uses this configuration for new runs, unless you provide a different one.
```

Author: 👍🏼
